{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Microsoft Sans Serif;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Microsoft Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red47\green79\blue79;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cf1\b\f0\fs17 KnowledgeBase Name: C:\\Users\\user\\Downloads\\Bipolar.vkb\par
KnowledgeBase Version: 1.0\par
KnowledgeBase Build: 12\par
\cf2\b0\f1  \cf3  \cf4  \par
\cf1\b\f0 KnowledgeBase Info: \par
\cf0\b0\f1 Author: \par
Author's Website: \par
Copyright: \par
License: \par
Creation Date: 17/8/2021 5:49:05 PM\par
Last Update Date: 17/8/2021 8:30:58 PM\par
Rating: Unknown\par
Rating Description: \par
\par
Category: Other\par
Language: English\par
Comment: Describe your KnowledgeBase here\par
\par
\b\f0 ResourceFiles: \par
\b0\f1 Default.vrp\par
Default.vsn\par
\par
\b\f0 Rules:\b0\f1\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Name\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Name\par
|Cond: What is your Name ?\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What is your name ?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 name ?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are you called ?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 who r u ?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 who are you ?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what is your chatbot name  ?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Hi\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 hello\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Hi! My name is Julia and I am a chatbot application specalized in helping bipolar disorder patients.:-)\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 UNKNOWN\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 *\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Sorry I dont have an opinion related to your issue.:-(\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 _startup\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 _startup\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Welcome to Sinclair Chatbot:-)\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Bipolar\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Bipolar\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What is bipolar disorder?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What is a bipolar disorder?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 bipolar disorder  ?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 bipolar ?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Bipolar disorder is defined by many as a mental disorder that causes mood swings and extreme shifts in energy, activity level, concentration, and the ability to carry out day-to-day tasks.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 types\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 types\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 types of bipolar disorder ?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 types of bipolar disorder\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 bipolar disorder types\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Bipolar disorder which was formerly called manic-depressive illness is recognized into three types Bipolar I, Bipolar II, and Cyclothymic disorders which differ between the duration and the intensity of the manic episodes.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Symptom\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Symptoms\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the symptoms?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the symptoms\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 symptoms of bipolar\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 symptoms of bipolar disorder?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the symptoms of bipolar disorder?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the symptoms of bipolar disorder\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 People with bipolar disorder experience periods of unusually intense emotion, changes in sleep patterns and activity levels, and uncharacteristic behaviors which usually their signs such as Mania, Hypomania, and Major depressive episodes are not easily identified.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Child\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Child\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Symptoms in children and teens\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Symptoms in children and teens?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are Symptoms in children?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are Symptoms in teens?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are Symptoms in children\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are Symptoms in teenagers\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 does it affect childern?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How is it with childern?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Symptoms of bipolar disorder can be difficult to identify in children and teens. It's often hard to tell whether these are normal ups and downs.The most prominent signs of bipolar disorder in children and teenagers may include severe mood swings that are different from their usual mood swings.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 doctor\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 doctor\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 When to see a doctor?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 when to visit the hospital?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 when to visit a psychiatrist?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 when to visit a psychologist?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 psychiatrist?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 doctor?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 clinic?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 If you have any symptoms of depression or mania, see your doctor or mental health professional. Bipolar disorder doesn't get better on its own. Getting treatment from a mental health professional with experience in bipolar disorder can help you get your symptoms under control.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 emergency\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 emergency\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 help\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 When to get emergency help?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 When to get help?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 unfortunately suicidal thoughts and behavior are common among people with bipolar disorder. If you have thoughts of hurting yourself or if you have a loved one who is in danger of suicide or has made a suicide attempt please call your local emergency number immediately or call a call a suicide hotline number 1-800-273-8255\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 cause\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 causes\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the bipolar causes?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the bipolar disorder causes?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what causes the bipolar disorder?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what causes the bipolar disorder in human beings?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what causes the bipolar disorder patients?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 The exact biological causes for bipolar disorder are still unknown but several factor are involved such as Stress, brain structure and genetics.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 treatment\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 treatment\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is there any treatment for bipolar disorder?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is there any treatment ?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is there a treatment?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is there a treatment for bipolar disorder?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is there any treatment for bipolar?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 treatments?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 medications?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 the treatment methods are still lacking in results. However, there are still methods for treating and managing this disorder such as psychotherapy, medications, self-management strategies and complementary health approaches.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 complication\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 complications\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the bipolar disorder complications?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the bipolar disorder complications\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What can the bipolar disorder cause?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What can the bipolar disorder result?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the complications of bipolar disorder?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the complications?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 ignoring bipolar disorder\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 can bipolar disorder left untreated?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 can we ignore the bipolar disorder?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 when left untreated or ignored bipolar disorder can result in serious problems that affect every area of your life such as:Problems related to drug and alcohol use, Suicide or suicide attempts, Legal or financial problems, Damaged relationships and Poor work or school performance.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 prevent\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 prevent\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 preventions\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 preventions?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How to prevent the disorder?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How to prevent the bipolar disorder?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are bipolar disorder preventions?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the preventions?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 If you've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, some strategies can help prevent minor symptoms from becoming full-blown episodes of mania or depression.Addressing symptoms early on can prevent episodes from getting worse, avoiding drugs and alcohol and lastly taking medications as prescribed.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 occur\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Co-occurring conditions\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is there any health conditions that occur with bipolar disorder ?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Any related health conditions to bipolar disorder?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Any related health conditions occurs with bipolar disorder?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Can bipolar disorder cause any other health conditions?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 other health conditions\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 others\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 other causes\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 other results\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 other symptoms\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 The bipolar disorder patient usually may enconter another health condition that needs to be treated along with bipolar disorder some of these conditions can worsen the symptoms or make treatment less successful. for example,Anxiety disorders, Eating disorders, Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), Alcohol or drug problems and Physical health problems, such as heart disease, thyroid problems, headaches or obesity.\par
\par
}
 