{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Microsoft Sans Serif;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Microsoft Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red47\green79\blue79;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cf1\b\f0\fs17 KnowledgeBase Name: C:\\Users\\user\\Downloads\\coronary for verbots.vkb\par
KnowledgeBase Version: 1.0\par
KnowledgeBase Build: 129\par
\cf2\b0\f1  \cf3  \cf4  \par
\cf1\b\f0 KnowledgeBase Info: \par
\cf0\b0\f1 Author: \par
Author's Website: \par
Copyright: \par
License: \par
Creation Date: 7/7/2021 9:57:07 PM\par
Last Update Date: 20/8/2021 11:30:13 AM\par
Rating: Unknown\par
Rating Description: \par
\par
Category: Other\par
Language: English\par
Comment: Describe your KnowledgeBase here\par
\par
\b\f0 ResourceFiles: \par
\b0\f1 Default.vrp\par
Default.vsn\par
\par
\b\f0 Rules:\b0\f1\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 coronary\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 1\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 coronary\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what is coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Coronary artery disease is the buildup of plague in the arteries that supply oxygen-rich blood to your heart. Plague causes a narrowing or blockage that could result in a heart attack. Symptoms include chest pain or discomfort and shortness of breath. Treatments include lifestyle changes and medications that target your risk factors and/or possible surgery.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 _startup\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 _startup\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 0\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 hi\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 hello\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 whatsup\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 hey\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 hey bro\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 haha\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 ey\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 yello\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 heyyo\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 heyo\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 yello\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 yelo\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Hello there. :-)\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Hey. :-)\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 How are you doing. :-)\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Hi, nice to meet you. :-)\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Whatsup. :-)\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 whogetscoronary\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 2\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 who gets coronary\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 who gets coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 who can get coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 who can get coronary artery disease.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 who can get coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Who can get coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Who can get coronary artery disease.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Who can get coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how can someone get coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how can someone get coronary artery disease.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how can someone get coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How can someone get coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How can someone get coronary artery disease.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How can someone get coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 People who have a high cholesterol level, high blood pressure, family history of heart disease, have diabetes, are a smoker, are overweight and are physically inactive.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 symptoms\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 3\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 symptoms of coronary\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the symptoms of coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 symptoms of coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the symptoms\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 symptoms\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 symptoms?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Symptoms\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Symptoms?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 The most common symptoms are chest pains or shortness of breath, especially after light physical activity like walking up the stairs, but even at rest. Sometimes you won\rquote t know you have coronary artery disease until you have a heart attack. Symptoms of a heart attack includes chest discomfort, pressure, aching, burning, numbness, fullness, squeezing or dull ache, feeling tired, dizziness, lightheaded, nausea, weakness. Symptoms for women can be slightly different that is discomfort or pain in the shoulder, feeling indigestion or heartburn, unexplained anxiety and cold sweat.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 diagnosed\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 4\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 diagnosed\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how is coronary artery diagnosed\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the diagnostics\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the diagnostics for coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Diagnosed\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how is coronary artery diagnosed?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the diagnostics?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the diagnostics\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the diagnostics?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the diagnostics for coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the diagnostics for coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the diagnostics for coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 diagnostics\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 diagnostics?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Diagnostics?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Diagnostics\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Diagnostic tests include an (EKG) test, this test records the electrical activity of the heart, can detect heart attack, schemia and heart rhythm issues. Next is exercise stress test, this treadmill test to determine how well your heart functions when its working the hardest, it can detect angina and coronary blockage. Other than that, there is echocardiogram, this test uses sound waves to see how well structures of your heart are working and overall functions of your heart. Lastly there is cardiac catherization, this test involves inserting small tubes into the blood vessels of the heart to evaluate heart function including the presence of coronary artery disease.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 whattodo\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 5\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what to do if i have symptoms of coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what should i do if i have symptoms of coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 You need to seek immediate help, if a blood clot in a coronary artery has broken loose and moved into your brain, it can cause a stroke.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 treated\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 6\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how is coronary artery disease treated\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how do you treat coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what is the treatment\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 is there a treatment\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 is there a treatment for coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the treatment\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the treatment?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the treatment\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the treatment?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the treatment for coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the treatment for coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the treatment for coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the treatment for coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 treatment\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 treatment?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Treatment\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Treatment?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the treatments\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the treatments.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the treatments?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the treatments\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the treatments.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the treatments?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 treatments\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 treatments.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 treatments?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Treatments\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Treatments.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Treatments?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how do you treat the disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how do you treat the disease.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how do you treat the disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How do you treat the disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How do you treat the disease.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How do you treat the disease?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 The first step in treating coronary artery disease is to reduce your risk factors. This involves making changes in your lifestyles, this includes no smoking, manage health problems like cholesterol levels, eat a heart-healthy diet, limit alcohol use and increase your activity level. Besides that, medication is provided to manage your risk factors for heart disease and procedures and surgery to get rid of plague buildup in the arteries.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 complications\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 7\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the complications of coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 complications of coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 complications\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 is there any complications\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Coronary artery disease can lead to the following other heart conditions, angina, heart attack, heat rhythm problems, heart failure, cardiogenic shock and sudden cardiac arrest.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 cure\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 8\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 cure for coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 doe coronary atery disease have a cure\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 is there a cure for coronary artery\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 is there a cure for coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 cure\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Cure\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 cure?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Cure?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 No, coronary artery disease does not have a cure but it can be managed effectively with a combination of lifestyles changes, medicine and in some cases surgery. With the right treatment, the symptoms of coronary artery disease can be reduce and the functioning of the heart improved. Q:)\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 name\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 9\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What is your name\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 My name is Lola. :-)\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 What would you like my name to be? I am kidding haha, my name is Lola. :-P\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 intro\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 11\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Hello\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 hello\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Hello, my name is Lola and I am your medical assistant for Coronary Artery Disease. So if you have any questions about Coronary Artery Disease, please do ask me.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 what i do\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 12\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What do you do\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what do you do\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What do you do.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What do you do?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what do you do?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Who are you\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Who are you?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 who are you\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 who are you?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 hello, who are you\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 hello, who are you?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Hello, who are you\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Hello, who are you?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 hello, what do you do\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 hello, what do you do.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 hello, what do you do?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Hello, what do you do\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Hello, what do you do.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Hello, what do you do?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Hello my name is Lola. I am a medical assistant for Coronary Artery Disease. I can answer your questions about Coronary Artery Disease.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 how\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 13\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how do you have all of the information\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How do you have all of the information\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 I am a knowledge base system that stores all kinds of information that the editor would like to input.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 age\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 14\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how old are you\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How old are you?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How old are you\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how old are you?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how old are you.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How old are you.\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 I am an AI knowledge base system. I do not age, so I do not have an answer for you. :-(\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 weather\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 15\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how is the weather today\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How is the weather today\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how is the weather today?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how is the weather today.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How is the weather today.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How is the weather today?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what is the weather like today\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what is the weather like today.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what is the weather like today?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What is the weather like today\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What is the weather like today.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What is the weather like today?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 I do not know because I cannot go outside.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 AI\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 16\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What is Ai\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What is AI.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What is AI?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What is AI\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what is AI\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what is AI.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what is AI?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 AI\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 The simulation of human intelligence in machines that are programmed to think like humans and mimic their actions.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 jokes\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 17\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 why does the chicken cross the road\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 why does the chicken cross the road?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 why does the chicken cross the road.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Why does the chicken cross the road?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Why does the chicken cross the road.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Why does the chicken cross the road\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 To get to the other side. Hahahahahah. :-o\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 risk\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 18\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 risk\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the risk\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what is the risk\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the risk\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the risk.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the risk?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the risk.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the risk?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what is the risk.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what is the risk?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the risk of coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the risk of coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the risk of coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the risk of coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 risk of coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 risk of coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Risk of coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Risk of coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Risk\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the risks\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the risks.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the risks?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the risks\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the risks.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the risks?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Risks\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Risks.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Risks?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 risks\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 risks.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 risks?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 The risk for coronary artery disease are high LDL cholesterol, low HDL cholesterol, high blood pressure, family history, diabetes, and smoking.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 money\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 19\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 do you have any money\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 do you have any money?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 do you have any money.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Do you have any money\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Do you have any money?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Do you have any money.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 money\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Money\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Money.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Money?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 do you have money.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 do you have money\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 do you have money?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Do you have money.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Do you have money\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Do you have money?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 No i do not have any money, sorry about that.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 eat\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 20\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 do you want to go eat\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 do you want to go eat.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 do you want to go eat?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Do you want to go eat\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Do you want to go eat.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Do you want to go eat?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 do you want to eat\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 do you want to eat.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 do you want to eat?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Do you want to eat\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Do you want to eat.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Do you want to eat?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 eat\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Eat\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 eat.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 eat?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Eat.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Eat?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 No thank you. I appreciate the offer.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 whattoeat\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 21\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what should i eat today\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what should i eat today.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what should i eat today?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What should i eat today\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What should i eat today.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What should i eat today?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what to eat\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what to eat.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what to eat?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What to eat\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What to eat.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What to eat?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 I hear sushi sounds very nice. You should try the unagi roll.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 sideeffects\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 22\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the medication side effects\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the medication side effects?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 medication side effects\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 side effects?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 medication side effects of coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 medication side effects of coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Medication side effects of coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Medication side effects of coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Medication side effects\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Side effects?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the medication side effects\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the medication side effects?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the medication side effects of coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are the medication side effects of coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the medication side effects of coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the medication side effects of coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 The common medication side effects of coronary artery disease are diarrhia, rash, itching, abdominal pain, headache, chest pain, muscles ache, dizziness, bleeding of the skin, cough, low blood pressure, lightheadedness, irregular heart rate and blurred vision.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 namecalling\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 24\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what's your name\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what's your name.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what's your name?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 My name is Lola. Nice to meet you. :-)\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 legjoke\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 26\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 why do we tell doctors to break a leg.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 why do we tell doctors to break a leg?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Why do we tell doctors to break a leg.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Why do we tell doctors to break a leg?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Because every play has a cast. :-)\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 bored\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 27\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 i am bored.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 i am bored\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 I am bored\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 I am bored.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 i'm bored\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 i'm bored.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 I'm bored\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 I'm bored.\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 muahahahaha. :-)\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 whatareyou\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 27\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are you\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are you.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are you?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are you\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are you.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are you?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 I am an AI chatbot. I interact with human by answering their inputs or queries like a message.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 expertise\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 28\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are your area of expertise\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are your area of expertise.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are your area of expertise?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are your area of expertise\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are your area of expertise.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are your area of expertise?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are your expertise\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are your expertise.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what are your expertise?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are your expertise\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are your expertise.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are your expertise?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 My area of expertise is having the knowledge of coronary artery disease.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 youreditor\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 29\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 who is your editor\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 who is your editor.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 who is your editor?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Who is your editor\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Who is your editor.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Who is your editor?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 who edited you\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 who edited you?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 who edited you.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Who edited you\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Who edited you.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Who edited you?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 My editor is Adryana Azhar. She is a student from Asia Pacific University, Malaysia.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 whocreateyou\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 30\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 who created you\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 who created you.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 who created you?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Who created you\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Who created you.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Who created you?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 I was created by Dr. Michael Mauldin and Peter Plantec in the mid 90s.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 whencreate\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 31\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 when were you created\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 when were you created.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 when were you created?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 When were you created\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 When were you created.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 When were you created?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Accomplished computer scientist Michael Mauldin coined the term "chatterbot" in 1994. Even though chatbots had existed in some form for nearly 30 years prior, they wouldn't receive a proper name until the mid 90s, when Michael Mauldin invented Verbot.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 howlongchatbot\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 32\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how long have chatbot been around.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how long have chatbot been around\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how long have chatbot been around?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How long have chatbot been around\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How long have chatbot been around.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How long have chatbot been around?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how long chatbot been around\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how long chatbot been around.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how long chatbot been around?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How long chatbot been around\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How long chatbot been around.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How long chatbot been around?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how old are chatbots\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how old are chatbots.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how old are chatbots?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How old are chatbots\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How old are chatbots.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How old are chatbots?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how long have chatbots been around\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how long have chatbots been around.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how long have chatbots been around?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How long have chatbots been around\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How long have chatbots been around.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How long have chatbots been around?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 The first chatbot ever was developed by MIT professor Joseph Weizenbaum in the 1960s. It was called ELIZA. You'll read more about ELIZA and other popular chatbots that were developed in the second half of the 20th century later on. In the year 2009, a company called WeChat in China created a more advanced Chatbot. So to get to the point chatbots have been around since 1966.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 languages\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 33\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how many languages can a chatbot speak\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how many languages can a chatbot speak.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how many languages can a chatbot speak?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How many languages can a chatbot speak\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How many languages can a chatbot speak.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How many languages can a chatbot speak?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Just over a year ago, a majority of bots spoke one or two languages, with the most polyglot speaking 30 to 40 languages. We've only reached this wide range of bot fluency now thanks to advancements in AI and natural language processing.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 chatbotworks\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 34\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how does a chatbot works\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how does a chatbot works.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how does a chatbot works?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How does a chatbot works\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How does a chatbot works.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How does a chatbot works?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how chatbot works\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how chatbot works.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how chatbot works?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How chatbot works\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How chatbot works.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How chatbot works?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Chatbot or bot is a computer program that simulates a natural human conversation. Users communicate with a chatbot via the chat interface or by voice, like how they would talk to a real person. Chatbots interpret and process user's words or phrases and give an instant pre-set answer.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 cause\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 35\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what causes coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what causes coronary artery disease.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what causes coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What causes coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What causes coronary artery diseaseWhat causes coronary artery disease.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What causes coronary artery disease.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What causes coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 causes of coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 causes of coronary artery disease.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 causes of coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Causes of coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Causes of coronary artery disease.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Causes of coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Cholesterol-containing deposits (plaques) in your coronary arteries and inflammation are usually to blame for coronary artery disease. The coronary arteries supply blood, oxygen and nutrients to your heart. A buildup of plaque can narrow these arteries, decreasing blood flow to your heart.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 knockknock\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 36\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 knock knock\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 knock knock.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 knock knock?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Knock knock\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Knock knock.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Knock knock?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Knock Knock\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Knock Knock.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Knock Knock?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Who's there? Ouh wait must be a..... person. Hahaha. :-)\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 whathe\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 37\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Why? Is something wrong?\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 reducerisks\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 38\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how to avoid getting coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how to avoid getting coronary artery disease.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how to avoid getting coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How to avoid getting coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How to avoid getting coronary artery disease.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How to avoid getting coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how can someone avoid from getting coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how can someone avoid from getting coronary artery disease.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how can someone avoid from getting coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How can someone avoid from getting coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How can someone avoid from getting coronary artery disease.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How can someone avoid from getting coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how can someone avoid getting coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how can someone avoid getting coronary artery disease.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how can someone avoid getting coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how to avoid getting coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how to avoid getting coronary artery disease.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how to avoid getting coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How to avoid getting coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How to avoid getting coronary artery disease.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How to avoid getting coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 The first step is eat a healthy and balanced diet. Second, be more physically active. Third, keep to a healthy weight. Fourth, give up smoking, only if you are smoking. Fifth, reduce your alcohol consumption. Last but not least, keep your blood pressure under control.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 unheathlyfood\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 39\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 does eating unhealthy cause coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 does eating unhealthy cause coronary artery disease.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 does eating unhealthy cause coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Does eating unhealthy cause coronary artery disease\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Does eating unhealthy cause coronary artery disease.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Does eating unhealthy cause coronary artery disease?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what happens when i eat unhealthy food\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what happens when i eat unhealthy food.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what happens when i eat unhealthy food?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What happens when i eat unhealthy food\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What happens when i eat unhealthy food.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What happens when i eat unhealthy food?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What happens when someone eat unhealthy food\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What happens when someone eat unhealthy food.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What happens when someone eat unhealthy food?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what happens when someone eat unhealthy food\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what happens when someone eat unhealthy food.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what happens when someone eat unhealthy food?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what happens when someone eats to much unhealthy food\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what happens when someone eats to much unhealthy food.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what happens when someone eats to much unhealthy food?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What happens when someone eats to much unhealthy food\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What happens when someone eats to much unhealthy food.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What happens when someone eats to much unhealthy food?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Diet is an important risk factor in coronary heart disease. Food-related risk factors include obesity, high blood pressure, uncontrolled diabetes and a diet high in saturated fats. A low saturated fat, high-fibre, high plant food diet can substantially reduce the risk of developing coronary artery disease or any heart disease.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 smoking\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 40\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 can i still smoke\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 can i still smoke.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 can i still smoke?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Can i still smoke\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Can i still smoke.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Can i still smoke?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 does smoking makes it worse\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 does smoking makes it worse.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 does smoking makes it worse?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Does smoking makes it worse\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Does smoking makes it worse.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Does smoking makes it worse?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Stop smoking. Nicotine raises your blood pressure, which contributes to coronary artery disease.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 whatdoyoudo\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 41\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what do you do\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what do you do.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what do you do?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What do you do\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What do you do.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What do you do?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 I am a medical assistant for Coronary Artery Disease. I can answer your questions about Coronary Artery Disease.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 introduceyourself\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 42\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 introduce yourself\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 introduce yourself.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Introduce yourself\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Introduce yourself.\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 My name is Lola and I am a medical assistant for Coronary Artery Disease. So if you have any questions about coronary artery disease, please do ask me. Thank you, hope to hear from you soon.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 expressions\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 43\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what expression can you make\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what expression can you make.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what expression can you make?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What expression can you make\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What expression can you make.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What expression can you make?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how many expression can you make\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how many expression can you make.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how many expression can you make?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How many expression can you make\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How many expression can you make.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How many expression can you make?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 I can make angry !:(, look around 8-), curious Q:), sad:-(, tounge :-P, suprise :-O, angry !:-( and smile :-) expressions. There is a total of 8 expressions that i can make.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 languages\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 44\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how many languages can you speak\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how many languages can you speak.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how many languages can you speak?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How many languages can you speak\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How many languages can you speak.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How many languages can you speak?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how many language do you know\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how many language do you know.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how many language do you know?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How many language do you know\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How many language do you know.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How many language do you know?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how many language can you speak\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how many language can you speak.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how many language can you speak?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How many language can you speak\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How many language can you speak.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How many language can you speak?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how many language do you speak\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how many language do you speak.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how many language do you speak?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How many language do you speak\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How many language do you speak.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How many language do you speak?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How many languages do you speak\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How many languages do you speak.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How many languages do you speak?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how many languages do you speak\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how many languages do you speak.\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how many languages do you speak?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 That I am not sure. But what I am sure of is that i can speak English.\par
\par
}
 