{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Microsoft Sans Serif;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Microsoft Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red47\green79\blue79;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cf1\b\f0\fs17 KnowledgeBase Name: C:\\Users\\user\\OneDrive\\Documents\\Verbots\\IAI test.vkb\par
KnowledgeBase Version: 1.0\par
KnowledgeBase Build: 141\par
\cf2\b0\f1  \cf3  \cf4  \par
\cf1\b\f0 KnowledgeBase Info: \par
\cf0\b0\f1 Author: \par
Author's Website: \par
Copyright: \par
License: \par
Creation Date: 2/8/2021 1:02:39 AM\par
Last Update Date: 16/8/2021 1:22:10 AM\par
Rating: Unknown\par
Rating Description: \par
\par
Category: Other\par
Language: English\par
Comment: Describe your KnowledgeBase here\par
\par
\b\f0 Rules:\b0\f1\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Mainmenu\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 1\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 You can chat me, without pressing any number if you need.\par
\par
- Treatment course press O\par
\par
- More information about depression. Press 2\par
\par
- To know whether you have depression or not. Press 3\par
\par
- What are the medications work and what are the side effects of the disease? Press 4 \par
- Conversation about depression?  Press 5\par
\par
- For Help. Press H\par
                                                           \par
Exit. Press 9\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 _startup\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 _startup\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 I am your friend Dr. Yesla, I will help you to know if you are depressed or not, you can talk to me at any time, you are welcome here in your place\par
Hello! whats your name?\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 conversation\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 5\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 how are you ?\par
\pard\li150\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Q0\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 *\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 My name is Dr.Yesla, I will help you at any time, Whats your name?\par
\pard\li300\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Q00\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 my name is [name]\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 [name]\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 hi iam [name]\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Hello [name], I'm your medical assistant for depression. We can talk together about anything you want to tell me, okay?\par
\pard\li450\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Q1\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 *\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Don't worry we are with you, what is your question?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 I am your good friend and I want to know what your problem is ?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 What do you want to know my friend?\par
\pard\li600\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Q2\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 *\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Listen [name] , I need to let yo know that the depression is a very famous and common disease, depression can cause a lot of psychological disorders, loss of interest in everything, love of isolation and distance from people and affect the way you think and feel for those around you and lead to the inability to do anything, whether at work or study, so what are your symptoms?\par
\pard\li750\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Q3\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 *\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Well, I understood what you are saying. If you have all these symptoms, you suffer from depression, or if some of them are, you should do an EEG and check if you are sick or not. Have you ever taken depression medications without referring to the doctor?\par
\pard\li900\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Q4\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 *\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 If you have taken antidepressants before, you may experience drowsiness, low blood pressure, loss of appetite and other sexual problems, but if you don't, you may be fine, so what was the most difficult misfortune you faced in your life and when was it?\par
\pard\li1050\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Q5\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 *\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 The most important thing is that everything is fine now, but how long have you been sad?\par
\pard\li1200\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Q6\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 *\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Well, you can do a simple thing also that will help you get out of your psychological state, you can write down all the happy moments that happened in your life in a note on your computer or mobile and in the evening read and review them, and do not write anything sad, to open the note you can write ( notepad), after the end of our conversation.\par
But now all you should avoid is that you should not take any depression medication without consulting a doctor and without examination, because it has serious side effects, and you should always go outside and always go on trips, take advantage of opportunities and you must find solutions in life to treat sadness And the first rule is don't talk or think about anything sad, see you in another meeting,\par
\pard\li1350\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 End\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 *\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Main menu 0\par
Exit 9\par
\par
\pard\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 exit\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 9\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 exit\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Exit\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Close\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 close\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 shut down\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 bye\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 good bye\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 <exit>\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 InformationAboutDepresion\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 2\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Listen my friend, depression is a very famous and common disease, depression can cause a lot of psychological disorders, loss of interest in everything, love of isolation and distance from people and affect the way you think and feel for those around you and lead to the inability to do anything, whether at work or study.\par
Press 0 To back to the Main menu.\par
Exit. press 9\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Unique\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 *\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Sorry I didn't understand what you say.\par
Main menu 0\par
Exit 9\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 You didn't choose from the options,please determine your choice\par
Main menu 0\par
Exit 9\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 If you need help, you may need to go to the main menu\par
Main menu 0\par
Exit 9\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Please try again [name]\par
Main menu 0\par
Exit 9\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Please speak with me about the main topic is the deprresion, how can I help you ?\par
Main menu 0\par
Exit 9\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Sorry, Please ask another question\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 That's very intersting! Wow\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 note\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 notepad\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Opening notepad.\par
\cf1 |Cmd: \cf4 notepad\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Greetings\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (hi)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (hello)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (hey)\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Hello, I hope you are fine\par
You can speak with me, without pressing any number if you need.\par
\par
- Treatment course press O\par
\par
- More information about depression. Press 2\par
\par
- To know whether you have depression or not. Press 3\par
\par
- What are the medications work and what are the side effects of the disease? Press 4 \par
- Conversation about depression?  Press 5\par
\par
- For Help. Press H\par
                                                           \par
Exit. Press 9\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Conversationuser\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (speak)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (tell)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (chat)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (text you)\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 <send 5>\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 ChatbotName\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (Your Name)\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 My name is doctor yesla! and you ?\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 UserName\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (my name)\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Nice to meet you\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 chatbotAGE\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (old are you)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (your age)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (years you lived)\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 I'm 22 years old\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 SymptomsDepression\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (symptoms)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (symptom)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (sympto)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (symp)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (sympt)\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Symptoms of depression include depressive mood, loss of pleasure, fatigue, loss of self-confidence and loss of self-esteem, self-criticism with reasonable causes, feelings of coldness, psychological retardation\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 MedicationsChat\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (top medication)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (best medication)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (prefer medications)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (take medications)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (best medications)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (top medications)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (take medication)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (prefer medication)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (advice medications)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (advice medication)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (tell medications)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (tell medication)\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 There are top 10 popular medications for deprerssion like setraline, fluoxetine, citalopram, escitalopram, paroxetine, fluvoxamine, desvenlafaxine, duloxetine, levomilnacipran, and venlafaxine.\par
\par
Main menu 0\par
Exit 0\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 SideEffectsChat\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 side effect\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 side effects\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 There are many of side effects of medications for depression like nausea, trouble sleeping, nervousness, tremors, sexual problems, dry mouth, fatigue, drowsiness, and constipation\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 TakeUser\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (take medication)\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Medications for depression must be taken under the guidance of the doctor, because in the event of any error, or the disease is dealt with individually, or the wrong diagnosis will occur, defects and complications will occur.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 BadFeelingsUser\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 hate (you)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 don't love (you)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (you) strange\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Why you don't love me ? I need to help you.\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 I'm beside you all time, don't hate me and don't worry.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 GoodFeelingsUser\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 love (you)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 adore (you)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 love (me)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 feel good\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 feel (good)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 feel (fine)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 feel (perfect)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 feel comfortable\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 I love you\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 I adore you\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 NameFUser\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 I'm [name]\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (my name is) [name]\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Hello [name], I hope you are fine\par
You can speak with me, without pressing any number if you need.\par
\par
\par
- Treatment course press O\par
\par
- More information about depression. Press 2\par
\par
- To know whether you have depression or not. Press 3\par
\par
- What are the medications work and what are the side effects of the disease? Press 4 \par
- Conversation about depression?  Press 5\par
\par
- For Help. Press H\par
                                                           \par
Exit. Press 9\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 WhenAsk\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 when\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 I will manage this and tell you the date\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 HowAsk\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 how are you\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 I'm fine thanks\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 LetAsk\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (let me)\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Okay, but if you need any help tell me\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 WebsitesDepression\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 know (video)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 find (video)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 send(video)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 attach (video)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 provide  (video)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 attach (website)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 find (website)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 know (website)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 send (website)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 provide (website)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 any (website)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 any (video)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (video)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (websites)\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 These are many of URL for websites and videos will help you and provide you with all informations:\par
https://www.health.com/condition/depression/8-helpful-websites-for-coping-with-depression\par
https://www.verywellmind.com/best-online-help-for-depression-4691259\par
https://www.aia.com.my/en/what-matters/seetheotherside/mental-health-helpline-resources.html\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 GoodFunc\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (good)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (pretty)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (aswesome)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (wonderful)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (perfect)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (beautiful)\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Yeah, I know\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Lol\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 it seems like this.\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 yeah,not bad\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 JobDr\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (your) job\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 work (me)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 serve (me)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 servant\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 I'm working for you by helping you to provide the informations and everthing about depression to you.\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 GameDr\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (game)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (quiz)\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (games)\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 I have a funny game like small quiz and I need you to join us, lets start!\par
You can detect that if you have a depression or not! \par
1- Do you feel fulfilled by the activities that were fun ?\par
\pard\li150\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Quiz1\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 *\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Do you feel fulfilled by the activities that were fun ?\par
\pard\li300\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Quiz 2\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 *\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Do you always feel sad ?\par
\pard\li450\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Quiz 3\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 *\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Do you feel unable to perform daily activities for more than two weeks ?\par
\pard\li600\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Quiz 4\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 *\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Do you suffer from a loss of energy ?\par
\pard\li750\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Quiz 5\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 *\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Are you thinking of self-harm or suicide ?\par
\pard\li900\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Quiz 6\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 *\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 What are the behaviors or language that you had in the last period in which you noticed that you are depressed?\par
\pard\li1050\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Quiz 7\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 *\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 If you have all of these symptoms, you must go to the nearest doctor immediately so that the disease does not develop, especially if these symptoms persist for more than two weeks, but if it is one or two, you must follow up and if there are no developments, you are healthy.\par
\par
Main menu. Press 0\par
Exit 9\par
\par
\pard\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 HowPatient\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (how)\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 press 5 to make a conversation with chatbot to increase your knowledge\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 MyAge\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 (I'm years)\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 nice\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 ManageYourDepression\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 3\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 In the beginning, depression was diagnosed through blood analysis or complex tests, but that was because the physical examination diagnoses the general condition of the patient, but we must talk to you by questioning you with some questions such as what is your psychological state and mood and some questions about behaviors, feelings, weight loss and transformation Everything from love to hate and planning to suicide, it may also be difficult for us to diagnose depression easily because there are some patients who are in a careless state and others are in a very nervous situation.\par
main menu 0\par
Exit 9\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 InformationMenu\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 4\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 All medications for depression are used under the doctor's instructions, and they help and balance neurotransmitters, which are substances responsible for communication between the brain such as serotonin and dopamine. So, antidepressants can remain in the human body for 36 hours or more. Before talking about the side effects, you must be absolutely sure that all the side effects disappear immediately after stopping taking the drug, and some of these side effects are sexual problems, nausea, vomiting and constant drowsiness.\par
\par
Main menu 0\par
Exit 9\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Help\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 H\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 - Save depressed people from suicide. Press S\par
- More videos. Press V\par
\par
Back to the Main meu. Press 0\par
Exit. Press 9\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Happen\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what happen\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 If you need more information about how the depression and medictions go on press 5\par
\par
Main menu 0\par
Exit 9\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Treatment\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 o\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Hi [name] , here I can help you to get and provide you many of advices that will help you get cured of the disease early, so are you have a person to talk with him ?\par
\par
Back to the main menu. press 0\par
Exit 9\par
\pard\li150\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Treatment1\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 *\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Listen carfully [name] , In the beginning, you should know that depression is not a psychological problem or a flaw in your personality, but you should know that it is a medical problem like any problem, for example, a cold or headache, all people are exposed to this disease and not only you, my friend, so you must understand this well, So have you ever gone to a specialist?\par
\pard\li300\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Treatment2\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 *\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Yes, going to someone who specializes in this field will help you a lot to improve your condition and recover fully as long as you have the strength and will to do so. How is your day likely going?\par
\pard\li450\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Treatment3\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 *\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 I always want to help you my friend, you should sit with your family as much as possible and organize with a specialist in this matter and stick to your country and you will find a great improvement in your life, the matter is very simple. This is how it is now explained.\par
\par
Backto the main menu. Press 0\par
Exit 9\par
\par
\pard\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 BackToMenu\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 0\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 <send 1>\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 SuicideHelp\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 S\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 People with depression are more likely to commit suicide, if you have a friend or someone close to you who has this disease, you should try to get close to him and help him so that he does not do anything to himself, and you must talk to a lot and know what he plans on what is going on in his mind towards the idea of ??suicide, and if he has And you must advise his family about what is going on and how to deal with him and you must always make sure that the person lives in a safe environment, and that all members of the home must be near him at all times, and if possible and find the hotline that exists within your country for depression and suicide, it must be used in Cases of danger and contact the number.\par
\par
Back to the Main menu. Press 0\par
Back to Help menu. Press M\par
Exit 9\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 HelpMenu\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 M\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 <send H>\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 MoreVideos\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 V\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Main menu. Press 0\par
Back to Help menu. Press M\par
Exit 9\par
\cf1 |Cmd: \cf4 https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3D8Su5VtKeXU8%26fbclid%3DIwAR290Pu6ecqsj4iue-dNSjuDRtVjy0NqaC8lAn6oEjwVazmmgKKDjzwWpKE&h=AT0pKKcaXty7hrXKVcFCJfk6GJ-zYhquibaO87FzsLpfn1bcXDXH3zJI47PzXPTPxGAqjB5mYjgkXK5xSXnhHQUi7txYfzxFfRtok1xl7Hy2z-AiJ0csV4nawv-WZVxb9x_0Bg\par
\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 WhatName\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 what my name\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Your name is [name]\par
\par
}
 