{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Microsoft Sans Serif;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Microsoft Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red47\green79\blue79;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cf1\b\f0\fs17 KnowledgeBase Name: C:\\Users\\user\\Downloads\\ASSIGNMENT-autosave.vkb\par
KnowledgeBase Version: 1.0\par
KnowledgeBase Build: 14\par
\cf2\b0\f1  \cf3  \cf4  \par
\cf1\b\f0 KnowledgeBase Info: \par
\cf0\b0\f1 Author: \par
Author's Website: \par
Copyright: \par
License: \par
Creation Date: 24/7/2021 4:01:25 AM\par
Last Update Date: 20/8/2021 5:48:07 PM\par
Rating: Unknown\par
Rating Description: \par
\par
Category: Other\par
Language: English\par
Comment: Describe your KnowledgeBase here\par
\par
\b\f0 Rules:\b0\f1\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 _startup\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 _startup\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Hye\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Hello\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Whatsup\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Ey\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Ola\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Hi\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Hello and Welcome!\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Hey!\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Hello\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Hello my friend\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Hye, please to meet you\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Hi\par
\pard\li150\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 BabyKick\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 When will I start to feel the baby kicking?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 When does quickening occur?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 When will I most likely to feel the baby kicking?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 When will the baby start kicking?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 When will I be able to feel the baby kicking?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 When will I feel the baby quickening?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 You might start to feel your baby moving, often called \ldblquote quickening\rdblquote , around 18 weeks into your pregnancy. If this is your first pregnancy, it might not happen until about 20 weeks. However, by the second pregnancy, you might notice the tell-tale signs as early as 16 weeks.\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Cramps\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is it okay if I feel any cramps or having any bleeding?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is it normal for pregnant women to feel cramps?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is it considered normal for a pregnant women to have cramps?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is cramps normal during preganncy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is it normal for pregnant women to have any bleeding?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Id bleeding considered normal during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is bleeding harmful?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Bleeding and pain in early pregnancy is common. Heavy bleeding or blood clots could indicate a miscarriage or an ectopic pregnancy. Such symptoms can include bleeding, spotting, cramps and stomach pain.\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Is cramps harmful?\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Weight\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How much weight should I gain in pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How much weight gain is healthy for a pregnant women?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is weight gain normal during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 A woman who was average weight before getting pregnant should gain 25 to 30 pounds after becoming pregnant. Underweight women should gain 28 to 40 pounds. And overweight women may need to gain 15 to 25 pounds during pregnancy.\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Exercise_1\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Can I exercise during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Am I allowed to do physical activities during my pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Can I do physical activities during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Am I allowed to exercise during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Can I work out during my pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is working out allowed during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is exercising allowed during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is physical activity allowed during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 If you are healthy and your pregnancy is normal, it is safe for you to continue or start regular physical activity. Physical activity does not increase your risk of miscarriage, low birth weight or early delivery.\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Exercise_2\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What exercise is okay for me during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What is the safest physical activity that can be done during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Are there any safe exercises that can be done during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Are there any safe physical activities that can be done during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Are there any safe work outs that can be done during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Most exercise are safe to perform during pregnancy, as long as you exercise with caution and do not over do it. The safest and most productive activities are swimming, brisk walking, indoor stationary cycling, step or elliptical machines and low-impact aerobics (taught by a certified aerobics instructor)\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Sore\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What can I do to my back and hip are sore during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What can I do to ease my soreness?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 My back and hips are having some soreness and what can I do to ease that?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What can I do to ease my back and hips when they are sore?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Yoga -  The stretches may help loosen tight hips and provide pain relief. Yoga is also one of the best exercise that can be done since it is gentle and low-impact.\par
\par
Other Exercises \endash  Physical therapy  moves can help relief pain in the body as it destresses the muscles in the body and makes me body less tense. \par
\par
Over the counter pain relievers \endash  Beyond exercises and stretches, you may find relief with over-the-counter(OTC) pain relievers. Ask the doctor which might work best for you, as well as what dosage you should take. \par
\par
Warm Baths or Compress -  You\rquote ll want to use warm rather than cold when applying temperature for hip pain. Warmth helps to bring blood flow to the area. It also lessens joints stiffness and muscle spasms. To use a compress, you may use a heating pad or a homemade compress (damp towel soaked in warm water). Apply for 10 to 15 mins at a time. You should not apply the heating pas directly onto your stomach. \par
\par
Massage \endash  Your partner can massage certain areas around your hips to help release pain and pressure.\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Work\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How long can I work during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Can continue to work during my pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Can I work long hours during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Legally, pregnant women can continue to work the average of 40 hours a week or the hours that they were working previously. However, a pregnant employee must only continue to work these hours if it is safe to do so, physically and emotionally\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 FolicAcid\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Why should I be taking folic acid tablets?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Do I need to take folic acid tablets?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is folic acid tablets important for perinatal women?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Do I need to consume folic acid tablets?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Folic acid is vital for healthy bodily growth and development in everyone especially important for pregnant women. Your body uses folic acid to make DNA. If you are pregnant, folic acid is needed to help the development of your baby\rquote s nervous system and neural tube early in pregnancy.\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Labor\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What sould I expect during my labor and delivery?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 You may feel intense pain or pressure in your back or abdomen during each contraction. You may also feel the urge to push or bear down, but your doctor will ask you to wait until your  cervix is completely open. During transition, the cervix fully dilates to 10 centimeters.\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 OBGYN\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Who will delivery my baby?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Who is an obstetrician?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Who is an OBGYN?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 An obstetrician is a doctor who specializes in pregnancy, childbirth, and a women\rquote s reproductive system. Although other doctors can deliver babies, many women see an obstetrician, also called an OB/GYN.\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 DueDate\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How is my due date being determined?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 When is the due date?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How can I know when the baby being delivered?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 When is the baby due?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Can I know when is the due date of the baby?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 When will the baby being delivered?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Most pregnancies last around 40 weeks (or 38 weeks from conception), so typically the best way to estimate your due date is to count 40 weeks, or 280 days, from the first day of your last menstrual period (LMP). Another way to do is to subtract three months from the first day of your last period and add seven days.\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Lifestyle/Remedies\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What lifestyle/remedies do you recommend to ease morning sickness?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What can I do to ease morning sickness?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is there anything iI can do to ease morning sickness?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What options i can do to ease morning sickness?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How do I ease morning sickness?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is there any advise on how to ease morning sickness?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Choose food carefully \endash  Select food that are high in protein, low in fat and easy to digest and avoid greasy, spicy and fatty foods. Bland food, such as bananas, rice, applesauce and toast may be easy to digest. Salty foods that contain ginger \endash  such as ginger lollipops.\par
Snack often \endash  Before getting out of bed in the morning, eat a few soda crackers or a piece of dry toast. Nibble throughout the day, rather than eating three large meals so that your stomach does not get full. Plus, an empty stomach may cause nausea worse. \par
Drink plenty of fluids \endash  Sip water or ginger ale. Aim for six to eight cups of noncaffeinated fluids daily. \par
Pay attention to nausea triggers \endash  Avoid foods or smell that seem to make your nausea worse. \par
Breath fresh air \endash  Weather permitting, open the windows in your home or workplace. Take a daily walk outdoors. \par
Take care with prenatal vitamins \endash  If you feel queasy after taking prenatal vitamins, take the vitamins with a snack or just before bed. If these steps does not help, ask your health care provider about other ways you can get the iron and vitamins you need during pregnancy. \par
Rinse your mouth after vomiting \endash  The acid from your stomach can damage the enamel on your teeth. If you can, rinse your mouth with a cup of water mixed with a teaspoon pf baking soda. This will help neutralize the acid and protect your teeth.\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 AS\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Are artificial sweeteners safe during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Can I add on artificial sweeteners in my food?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is artificial sweeteners FDA approved for pregnant women?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is artificial sweeteners harmful during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Can I consume artificial sweeteners?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Can I consume artificial sweeteners during my pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Six sweeteners such as aspartame, sucralose, saccharin, acesulfame potassium, neotame and advantame have all been approves as safe by the FDA. In general, all of these, except for saccharin, are considered safe to use in moderation during pregnancy.\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Skincare\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What should I avoid in skincare products during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 For skincare, pregnant women should avoid high-dose salicylic acid, retinoids, hydroquinone, phthalates, formaldehyde and any chemical sunscreens\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 ShouldEat\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What should I be eating?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What should I consume more often?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What should I consume?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What should I eat during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What is the best food to eat during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 A pregnant women be eating more fresh fruits and vegetables, starchy carbohydrate-rich foods, protein, healthy fats, fiber, calcium and zinc.\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 AvoidEat\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What should I avoid eating?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What should I stay away?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What should I prevent myself from eating?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What food can effect the my health and the fetus?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Can you help me list all the food that is harmful to consume during my pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What food that is harmful for a pregnant women to consume?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Foods to avoid during pregnancy are foods that contain mercury in some type of fishes, uncooked or partially cooked meat, raw eggs, uncooked or undercooked ready-prepared meals, pate, soft mold-ripened cheese and empty calorie foods.\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Symptoms\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What pregnancy symptoms are normal and what is an emergency?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the normal symptoms?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the harmful symptoms?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What are the symptoms that i have to expect?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What symptoms that shows emergency?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Can you please list down all the normal symptoms that I peregnant women might face?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Can you list down all the harmful symptoms that is considered an emergency?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 There are a lot of signs/symptoms of pregnancy. Here is a list of normal signs of pregnancy:\par
\bullet\tab Missed periods\par
\bullet\tab Nausea and vomiting\par
\bullet\tab Breast tenderness and enlargement\par
\bullet\tab Passing urine more frequently\par
\bullet\tab Craving for some food\par
\bullet\tab Back ache\par
\bullet\tab Breathelessness\par
\bullet\tab Constipation\par
\bullet\tab Heamorrhoids\par
\bullet\tab Headaches\par
\bullet\tab Heartburn and indigestion\par
\bullet\tab Itchy skin\par
\bullet\tab Leg cramps\par
\bullet\tab Mood changes\par
\bullet\tab Tingling and numbness in your hands\par
\bullet\tab Vaginal dischatge\par
\bullet\tab Vaginitis \par
\bullet\tab Varicose veins and leg oedema\par
There are a few symptoms that are emergency during pregnancy. Here is a list of symptoms :\par
\bullet\tab Vaginal bleeding\par
\bullet\tab Less movement of your baby than usual\par
\bullet\tab Severe stomach pain\par
\bullet\tab Pain that does not go away\par
\bullet\tab Leaking amniotic fluid\par
\bullet\tab A high temperature\par
\bullet\tab Vomiting that will not stop\par
\bullet\tab A headache that will not go away\par
\bullet\tab Vision loss or blurred vision\par
\bullet\tab Widespread itching of the skin\par
\bullet\tab Sudden swelling of face, hands and feet.\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Caffeine\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How much caffeine can I have during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Can I consume caffeine?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is caffiene allowed during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How much caffeine is safe for a pregnant women to consume?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 If you are pregnant, limit caffeine to 100 milligrams each day. This is about the amount in 8 ounce cup of coffee. If you are breastfeeding, limit the caffeine to not more than 2 cups of coffee a day.\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Alcohol\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Can I drink alcohol when I'm pregnant?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Can I drink?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Am I allowed to drink during pregnany?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is alcohol bad during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is drinking alcohol allowed?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Will there be any effects if I drink alcohol?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 There is no safe time to drink alcohol during pregnancy. Alcohol can cause problems for the developing baby throughout pregnancy, including before a woman knows she is pregnant. Drinking alcohol in the first three months of pregnancy can cause the baby to have abnormal facial features.\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Smoking\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Can I smoke during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is amoking allowed during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is smoking bad especially during my pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is smoking harmful?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Can smoking effect the baby?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Does smoking cause harm to the baby?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Smoking during pregnancy increases the risk of health problems for developing babies, including preterm birth, low birth weight and birth defects of the mouth and lip. Smoking during and after pregnancy also increases the risk of sudden infant death symptoms(SIDS).\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 NAME\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Hi I am [name]\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Hello [name]. I am Aritificial Intelligence (AI) chatbot that will helo you along the way during your pregnancy. You can ask me any questions, doubts and concerns that you have and I will try my best to assist you\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Cravings\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is it normal for me to have cravings?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is cravings normal?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is it okay for me to have cravings during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Is it ok for me to have cravings during pregnancy?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Definately! During pregnancy, perinatal women tend develop sudden dislike or cravings for certain tasting or smell. This may due to the effects of the pregnancy hormones.\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Humours\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How is life so far for you?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 HAHAHA, it has been stressful but we must keep on going.\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Morning\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Good Morning\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Good Morning to you too!\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Duration\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How long do I push the baby all the way out?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How long does it take to deliver the baby?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What is the time taken to deliver a baby?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What is the time taken needed to push the baby all the way out?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 How long does the process of delivering a baby last?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What is the duration to push the baby all the way out?\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 What is the duration to deliver a baby?\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 In all, delivery generally takes 30 minutes to an hour, but it could take as long as three hours, especially in first babies(second and subsequent babies usually pop out a lot faster), or as short as a few minutes.\par
\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 Good Afternoon\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 Good Afternoon\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 Good Afternoon to you too!\par
\par
\pard\cf1 Rule Name: \cf2 UNKNOWN\par
\cf1 Input Text: \cf3 **\par
\cf1 Output Text: \cf4 I dont have an opinion on that matter.\par
\par
}
 